Match UI test with implementation.md (#211)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Proposals/Match UI test with implementation.md

# Match UI test with implementation

* Author(s): Sergey Shulga
* Review Manager: Ilya Puchka, David Rodrigues, Olivier Halligon

## Introduction

The goal is to match the implementation of a feature with a corresponding UI test so we could run it on CI

## Motivation

> Lately we had quite a lot of UI automation test failures which decrease the speed witch we can make a release and distracts automation QAs to do this unnecessary work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lately we had quite a lot of UI automation test failures which decrease the speed which we can make a release and distracts automation QAs to do this unnecessary work.
```

Author: ![tenor-87379373](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4622322/62535052-5da5a580-b842-11e9-96c4-7725fa60b344.gif)

## Proposed solution

> I believe that we can achieve that by marking some kind of mark comments that can be recognized by Danger which would  be able to trigger corresponding UI test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I believe that we can achieve that by adding some kind of mark style comments that can be recognized by Danger which would  be able to trigger the corresponding UI test
```

e.g

```swift
// UITestCase: SomeFeature
final class SomeViewModel {}

// UITestCase: SomeFeature

> final class SomeRendere { }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
final class SomeRenderer { }
```

```

> And if `OnBoardingFeature` is missing or spell wrong then it would fail on CI for example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And if `SomeFeature` is missing or spelled wrong then it would fail on CI, for example.
```

## Impact on existing codebase

> No impact on the existing codebase can be achieved gradually by having a Danger rule to remind people to mark `ViewModel` and `Renderer` files with `UITestCase` marker.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
No impact on the existing codebase. These changes can be made gradually by having a Danger rule to remind people to mark `ViewModel` and `Renderer` files with the appropriate `UITestCase` marker.
```
